chore(RN): add release notes for migration v 2.46.0 (#870)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/migration-tool.md

This is due to the fact that improvements in any version of the Migration Tool can affect all supported versions of Bonita.
This changelog must be read before [migrating to a newer version of Bonita](migrate-from-an-earlier-version-of-bonita-bpm.md).

## 2.46.0 - XXXX YYYY, 2019 (Bonita 7.10.0)

> This version of the migration tool migrates Bonita up to version 7.9.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version of the migration tool migrates Bonita up to version 7.10.0.
```

> * Add a live-migration tool to reintgrate arch_contract_data_back into arch_contract_data table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a live-migration tool to reintegrate arch_contract_data_backup into arch_contract_data table
```

## 2.45.0 - October 3rd, 2019 (Bonita 7.9.4)
This version of the migration tool migrates Bonita up to version 7.9.4.

> * Add a new script `check-migration-dryrun`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a new script `check-migration-dryrun` that allows to check if the migration can be safely run
```
